# Orbitus-V2.22

A playlist generator using Svelte, Bootstrap 5, Node.js, Express.js, and PostgreSQL

## Music Credt - All songs used from Uppbeat

#### (updated March 12th, 2025)

#### Disclaimer: This is James Leone's (CICS @ UMass 2024) final project submission for Scalable Web Systems (CS 426).

#### All Music Credits and Licenses for each song are here in this readme file.

### Indie genre

<hr>

#### 1. Justin Lee - Early Hours (Indie)

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/justin-lee/early-hours
License code: TAVR7GPYWCUNRFBQ

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/justin-lee/early-hours

#### 2. Sky Toes - Brand New Day (Indie)

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/sky-toes/brand-new-day
License code: FN3VUBEXLLDL96MC

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/sky-toes/brand-new-day

#### 3. Tobias Voigt - Hope And Wonder (Indie)

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/tobias-voigt/hope-and-wonder
License code: WYC3S9VKZ4STTF9K

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/tobias-voigt/hope-and-wonder

#### 4. The Lakes - Steadfast (Indie)

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/the-lakes/steadfast
License code: JNBOHYTLVU4CT97O

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/the-lakes/steadfast

### Folk

<hr>

#### 5. Corals - Mountain Pine

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/corals/mountain-pine
License code: XP8WPGTWXAVX0R8F

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/corals/mountain-pine

#### 6. Jacob Nicou - Soula (Indie)

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/jacob-nicou/soula
License code: B1VHGHDCLAFPGVI9

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/jacob-nicou/soula

#### 7. Justin Lee - Daybreak

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/justin-lee/daybreak
License code: Y9YGPPNLP7VWCRHA

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/justin-lee/daybreak

#### 8. Sky Toes - Running Fields (Folk)

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/sky-toes/running-fields
License code: HEN5YS2OFTMCMAR5

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/sky-toes/running-fields

#### 9. Justin Lee - High Hopes (Folk)

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/justin-lee/high-hopes
License code: IYKHYSHP94JQJ1FF

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/justin-lee/high-hopes

#### 10. The Lakes - Parade (Folk)

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/the-lakes/parade
License code: MBPQVCYHWF00XD7S

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/the-lakes/parade

#### 11. Light Patterns - Tethers

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/light-patterns/tethers
License code: QKGHGF6ITBPO8J6G

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/light-patterns/tethers

#### 12. Asher Lee - Dance With Me

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/asher-lee/dance-with-me
License code: WFOE4BHQRP14FLLT

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/asher-lee/dance-with-me

### Country

<hr>

#### 13. Arbour Season - Arkansas

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/arbour-season/arkansas
License code: QGGUQPFNTJBZC1YR

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/arbour-season/arkansas

#### 14. Justin LaPoint - Wide Open Spaces

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/justin-lapoint/wide-open-spaces
License code: VKQVKXMPMYD1OOZ8

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/justin-lapoint/wide-open-spaces

#### 15. Arbour Season - Roam

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/arbour-season/roam
License code: OHEBRVJR8TGNWEWQ

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/arbour-season/roam

#### 16. Hemlock - Moving On

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/hemlock/moving-on
License code: BOLY3RL2ZWC9WKFB

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/hemlock/moving-on

#### 17. Tyler Edwards - A Few Good Hearts

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/tyler-edwards/a-few-good-hearts
License code: SPIAQIHSRNEVEFRF

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/tyler-edwards/a-few-good-hearts

### Classical

<hr>

#### 18. Monument Music - Majestic Whispers

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/monument-music/majestic-whispers
License code: YO9ER6BOIOHG5S0R

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/monument-music/majestic-whispers

#### 19. Dominique Charpentier - Trabucco

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/dominique-charpentier/trabucco
License code: QBBWR8XLMQJFLRRP

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/dominique-charpentier/trabucco

#### 20. Arend - Cello Suite No. 1 - Bach

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/arend/cello-suite-no-1-bach
License code: N0LPVSS5JTFDF3G4

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/arend/cello-suite-no-1-bach

#### 21. Dan Barracuda - Roselina

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/dan-barracuda/roselina
License code: MAOOMPGZPWVQPBBA

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/dan-barracuda/roselina

#### 22. Cory Alstad - What We Know Now

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/cory-alstad/what-we-know-now
License code: 7FTIAC2M0LAHKUKJ

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/cory-alstad/what-we-know-now
License code: 7FTIAC2M0LAHKUKJ

#### 23. Evoli - Rapidfire

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/evoli/rapidfire
License code: RBGGWGFUDQUEGQP3

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/evoli/rapidfire

#### 24. Philip Anderson - Achievement

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/philip-anderson/achievement
License code: UGR9QMTXYGEUZDMJ

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/philip-anderson/achievement

#### 25. Northwestern - Light Meadows

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/northwestern/light-meadows
License code: FZ5E9CXJ5D7VRSJV

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/northwestern/light-meadows

#### 26. Justin Lee - Just Fine

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/justin-lee/just-fine
License code: JTYS5ELKKWFEQ98U

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/justin-lee/just-fine

### 27. Jeff Kaale - Echoes

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/jeff-kaale/echoes
License code: MGO21PUANOVLKP9N

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/jeff-kaale/echoes

#### 28. Sky Toes - The Long Ride Home

YouTube: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/sky-toes/the-long-ride-home
License code: FNYOYSYQP6HKC5I9

Other: Music from #Uppbeat
https://uppbeat.io/t/sky-toes/the-long-ride-home

## Image Credit

### 1. Justin Lee

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/Justin-Lee_Avatar_1335129564694877.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 2. Sky Toes

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/Sky-Toes_Avatar_4327863706862964.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 3. Tobias Voigt

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/Tobias-Voigt_Avatar_3243346135673458.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 4. The Lakes

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/The-Lakes_Avatar-Uppbeat_1945714789577893.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 5. Corals

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/Corals_Avatar_1399000291320832.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 6. Jacob Nicou

Uppbeat: https://musicvine.imgix.net/images/jacob-nicou-artist-avatar-v2_6796074567639557.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 7. Light Patterns

Uppbeat: https://musicvine.imgix.net/images/light-patterns-avatar-v2_172999303651283.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 8. Asher Lee

Uppbeat: https://musicvine.imgix.net/images/asher-lee-avatar-v1.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 9. Arbour Season

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/Arbour-Season_Avatar-Uppbeat_4061808770306292.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 10. Justin LaPoint

Uppbeat: https://musicvine.imgix.net/images/justin-lapoint-avatar-v1_1423701887915666.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 11. Hemlock

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/UppBeat_Artist_385231614022325.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 12. Tyler Edwards

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/Tyler-Edwards_Avatar_5279848920454030.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 13. Monument Music

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/Monument-music_Avatar_V2_1458033941094704.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 14. Dominique Charpentier

Uppbeat: https://musicvine.imgix.net/images/Dominique_Charpentier_Avatar_5095349157049802.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 15. Arend

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/arend-avatar_1429945689307438.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 16. Dan Barracuda

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/Dan-Barracuda_avatar_6019525740131117.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 17. Cory Alstad

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/cory-alstad-avatar_3501116577756508.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 18. Evoli (Brad Couture)

Uppbeat: https://musicvine.imgix.net/images/brad-couture-avatar-v1_3022862534477491.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 19. Philip Anderson

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/Phillip-Anderson_Avatar_7746893754382079.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 20. Northwestern

Uppbeat: https://musicvine.imgix.net/images/northwestern-avatar.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress

### 21. Jeff Kaale

Uppbeat: https://imgix.uppbeat.io/images/Jeff-Kaale_Avatar-Uppbeat_7042124349823868.jpg?w=384&q=50&fit=max&auto=format%2Ccompress
